PD-1862 / 25.10 / Pd 1862 create enterprise ad content (#3678)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/SystemSettings/AdvancedSettingsScreen.md

{{< hint type=tip >}}
The default lifetime setting is 300 seconds or five minutes.

The maximum is 2147482 seconds or 24 days, 20 hours, 31 minutes, and 22 seconds.
{{< /hint >}}

The **Login Banner** field allows specifying a text message the system shows before the TrueNAS login splash screen displays.
**Continue** on the banner screen closes the screen, then shows the login splash screen.
The maximum length of the banner text is 4096 characters including spaces. Long text wraps and banner text can use carriage returns to break up long messages to improve readability.
Leave **Login Banner** empty to show just the login screen without interruption by a banner screen.

{{< enterprise >}}
Enterprise-licensed systems include the **Allow Directory Service users to access WebUI** option on the **Access Settings** screen.

> After enabling this option TrueNAS automatically creates a new entry, named as the domain admin group, in the **Privileges** screen table. For example, if the domain is *ad03.mydomain.ne*t, then you should see a group of that name listed as well as any the groups AD creates on the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After enabling this option TrueNAS automatically creates a new entry, named as the domain admin group, in the **Privileges** screen table. For example, if the domain is *ad03.mydomain.net*, then you should see a group of that name listed as well as any the groups AD creates on the system.
```
